Create v.2.24.0.md (#2516)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/ri/release-notes/v.2.24.0.md

---
Title: RedisInsight v2.24.0, April 2023
linkTitle: v2.24.0 (Mar 2024)
date: 2023-04-27 00:00:00 +0000
description: RedisInsight v2.24
weight: 1
aliases: /ri/release-notes/v2.24.0/
         /ri/release-notes/v2.24.0.md
---
## 2.24 (April 2023)
This is the General Availability (GA) release of RedisInsight 2.24.

### Highlights

> - Bulk data upload: upload the list of Redis commands from a text file using the new bulk action available in the Browser tool. Use the bulk data upload with custom RedisInsight tutorials to quickly load your example data set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bulk data upload: Upload the list of Redis commands from a text file using the new bulk action in the Browser tool. Use the bulk data upload with custom RedisInsight tutorials to quickly load your sample dataset.
```

> - Support for images in custom tutorials: showcase your Redis expertise with your team and the wider community by building shareable RedisInsight tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for images in custom tutorials: Add images to RedisInsight tutorials you build and share with the community.
```

> - JSON formatter support for the [JSON.GET](https://redis.io/commands/json.get/), [JSON.MGET](https://redis.io/commands/json.mget/), [GET](https://redis.io/commands/get/) commands output in Workbench

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JSON formatter support for the [JSON.GET](https://redis.io/commands/json.get/), [JSON.MGET](https://redis.io/commands/json.mget/), and [GET](https://redis.io/commands/get/) command output in Workbench.
```

> - Added Brotli and PHP GZcompress to the list of supported decompression formats to view your data in a human-readable format 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Brotli and PHP GZcompress to the list of supported decompression formats to view your data in a human-readable format. 
```

### Details

**Features and improvements**

> - [#1930](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1930), [#1961](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1961) Upload the list of Redis commands from a text file using the new bulk action available in the Browser tool. Use the bulk data upload with custom RedisInsight tutorials to quickly load your example data set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1930](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1930), [#1961](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1961) Upload the list of Redis commands from a text file using the new bulk action in the Browser tool. Use the bulk data upload with custom RedisInsight tutorials to quickly load your sample dataset.
```

- [#1936](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1936), [#1939](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1939) Added support for images in custom tutorials, available in Workbench. Showcase your Redis expertise with your team and the wider community by building shareable tutorials. Use markdown syntax described in our [instructions](https://github.com/RedisInsight/Tutorials) to build tutorials.

> - [#1946](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1946) See the output of [JSON.GET](https://redis.io/commands/json.get/), [JSON.MGET](https://redis.io/commands/json.mget/), [GET](https://redis.io/commands/get/) formatted in JSON in Workbench.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1946](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1946) See the output of [JSON.GET](https://redis.io/commands/json.get/), [JSON.MGET](https://redis.io/commands/json.mget/), and [GET](https://redis.io/commands/get/) formatted as JSON in Workbench.
```

> - [#1876](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1876) Ability to delete a key directly in the list of keys in Browser without the need to view its values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1876](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1876) Ability to directly delete a key in the Browser list of keys without having to view its values.
```

> - [#1889](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1889), [#1900](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1900) Added Brotli and PHP GZcompress to the list of supported decompression formats to view your data in a human-readable format. Is configurable when when adding a database connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1889](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1889), [#1900](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1900) Added Brotli and PHP GZcompress to the list of supported decompression formats to view your data in a human-readable format. Decompression format is configurable when adding a database connection.
```

> - [#1886](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1886) Enhanced command syntax in CLI, Workbench, and Command Helper to align with [redis.io](https://redis.io/commands/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1886](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1886) Enhanced command syntax in CLI, Workbench, and Command Helper to align with [command documentation](https://redis.io/commands/).
```

> - [#1975](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1975) [Renamed](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/issues/1902) the "Display On System Tray" to "Show in Menu Bar" on macOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1975](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1975) [Renamed](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/issues/1902) the "Display On System Tray" to "Show in Menu Bar" on macOS.
```

**Bugs**

> - [#1990](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1990) Keep the SNI parameters previously specified when a database connection is edited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1990](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1990) Keep the previously specified SNI parameters when a database connection is edited.
```

> - [#1999](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1999) Keep the database index previously set when a database connection is edited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1999](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/pull/1999) Keep the previously set database index when a database connection is edited.
```
